05 August 2026
The blink of an eye, and nearly two months fly by. I've been slowly updating the website, mainly just adding projects, art and icons. My files are getting large and hard to keep track of the names of. I'm also trying to think of what else needs to be added: certainly the distributed server project that I coded for eggert back in cs131, maybe some gameplay mockups of four days, and then the OCAML parser that I wrote for Prof. Katz. He still hasn't gotten back to me yet: my friends are suggesting that I email other faculty for feedback. I'll get to that eventually, but it's already such a struggle even knowing what to write. Plus, it's not like I'm headed to grad school anytime soon. 

I started my LGBT music diversity class two days ago. The essays we have to read are extremely academic, which I'm not a fan of, but while complaining to Adrian, he told me that they have genuine substance, so I'll give them a second chance. And then in class, I shared the song analysis similarity matrix. 

https://colinmorris.github.io/SongSim/#/custom 

That's the link. If you want to try it out yourself. Input the lyrics to any song, and it outputs a beautiful visualization. 

Yesterday I made up my mind that I would try to naturally increase my dopamine production, because I've been sleeping late, waking late, and the whole day is gone, and I'm sluggish. So, I've started setting alarms for 8AM every morning. I saw on tikTok that for ADHD specifically, the best ways to improve are to do pull-ups in the morning not for exercise, but for blood flow, and then being exposed to lots of consecutive different scents simultaneously. So I put my perfume next to my nightstand. 

Yesterday, I was attempting to relive my past. So I went to the playground and did the monkey bars, but I ended up tearing off the skin from my palms. It hurts so bad that I cannot wash my hands nor hold anything touching my palms. 

Do I regret it? No. 

I will keep job applying. Maybe I'll send Hanson an email sometime. 